Today is going to be not just listening to me,
but it's going to be participative.
And we're going to start.
It's not hard.
Some of you are looking at each other going, oh, no,
what's he going to make me do?
Pretty simple.
I'd like you all to read this sentence.
And what's more important to me than the meaning of the sentence
is I'd like for you to count the number of F's, the letter F.
How many F's do you find?
I'll give you three or four seconds to do it.
Keep the answer quiet to yourself.
How many F's?
I wish my MBA students were as quiet and thoughtful
as you are right now.
All right.
Shhh.
Raise your hand if you found three F's.
How many found three?
Excellent.
Very good.
Anybody find four?
Ah, anybody found five?
How about six?
There are six F's.
What two letter words ending in F did many of us miss?
So why do I do this activity?
I have done this in every workshop, every keynote, I-